{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11040\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HI THERE!\
\
Thank you so much for choosing our work. Just want to let you know that we are appreciated.\
\
This package contains graphic sources for cute fantasy 2D Heroes and Monsters + their animations. All pivot is set. Prefab ready. Import package and you can use them right away. Great for using in a Tower Defense Game, Strategy Game, or anything your heart desires.\
\
This package gives you 13 classes of Human Heroes, 14 sinful Monsters and more!\
========== Heroes ==========\
== Classes (Male and Female) ==\
1. Archer\
2. Commander\
3. Crusade\
4. Enforcer\
5. Gunslinger\
6. Knight\
7. Lancer\
8. Mastermind\
9. Missionary\
10. Monk\
11. Priest\
12. Slayer\
13. Warrior\
PLUS more Face, Front & Back Hairstyle options\
\
== Animations ==\
Base Layer - idle, run, 4 melee attacks, range attack, hurt, die, victory, bounce, jump forward, jump backward and roll\
Body - For Missionary [Optional]\
Arm - For shield, gun, Mastermind, Warrior and Monk detail\
Face - For emotions [Optional]\
\
========== Monster List ==========\
1. Banshee\
2. Giant Wrath\
3. Glutton\
4. Greed\
5. Grey Child\
6. Heresy\
7. Minion\
8. Bloody Minion\
9. Poison Minion\
10. Shield Minion 1\
11. Shield Minion 2\
12. Pride\
13. Sloth\
14. Temptress\
\
== Animations ==\
Idle, run, attack, hurt, die\
\
========== PLUS ========== \
Skill/Action effect graphic and animations\
\
NOTE!\
1. Hero has only 1 prefab for each gender, it works with all classes after some adjustment.\
2. See all classes I made for you in the scene \'93Character display\'94\
\
=== Related Package ===\
2D Fantasy Character Bundle - Graphic only\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 80 Fantasy Skill Icons\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Please don\'92t forget to rate and comment on our work. Let us know if something is bad or need to be fixed. We also listening for your request if anything you want us to do next :\}\
\
Cheers,\
mimustudio@gmail.com (Ploi)\
www.mimu-studio.com}